Blazor Server-EF Core factory with Identity (#20169)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/blazor-server-ef-core.md

> [!NOTE]
> `Wrapper` is a [component reference](xref:blazor/components/index#capture-references-to-components) to the `GridWrapper` component. See the `Index` component (`Pages/Index.razor`) in the [sample app](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/blazor/common/samples/5.x/BlazorServerEFCoreSample/BlazorServerDbContextExample/Pages/Index.razor).

> New <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext> instances can be created with a factory that integrates with [ASP.NET Core's Identity model](xref:security/authentication/customize_identity_model):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext> instances can be created with a factory that allows you to configure the connection string per `DbContext` (such as when you use [ASP.NET Core's Identity model])(xref:security/authentication/customize_identity_model)):
```

Clarifying text.

[!code-csharp[](./common/samples/5.x/BlazorServerEFCoreSample/BlazorServerDbContextExample/Pages/EditContact.razor?name=snippet2)]

<h3 id="enable-sensitive-data-logging">Enable sensitive data logging</h3>

<xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> includes application data in exception messages and framework logging. The logged data can include the values assigned to properties of entity instances and parameter values for commands sent to the database. Logging data with <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> is a **security risk**, as it may expose passwords and other personally identifiable information (PII) when it logs SQL statements executed against the database.

> We recommend only enabling <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> with an [`if` compiler directive](/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/preprocessor-directives/preprocessor-if) for development and testing using the `DEBUG` symbol:

Reviewer: I'm not sure we want to prescribe this level of detail. I think this may be fine and omit the code snippet:

```suggestion
We recommend only enabling <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> for development and testing.
```

> [!NOTE]
> `Wrapper` is a [component reference](xref:blazor/components/index#capture-references-to-components) to the `GridWrapper` component. See the `Index` component (`Pages/Index.razor`) in the [sample app](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/blazor/common/samples/3.x/BlazorServerEFCoreSample/BlazorServerDbContextExample/Pages/Index.razor).

> New <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext> instances can be created with a factory that integrates with [ASP.NET Core's Identity model](xref:security/authentication/customize_identity_model):

Reviewer: Same changes as other version. The real problem is not specific to identity, but rather when there are multiple `DbContext` instances with different connection strings.

Author: ```suggestion
New <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContext> instances can be created with a factory that allows you to configure the connection string per `DbContext` (such as when you use [ASP.NET Core's Identity model])(xref:security/authentication/customize_identity_model)):
```

* When `Busy` is set to `true`, asynchronous operations may begin. When `Busy` is set back to `false`, asynchronous operations should be finished.
* Place additional error handling logic in a `catch` block.

> <h3 id="enable-sensitive-data-logging">Enable sensitive data logging</h3>

Reviewer: Same comments as other version.

<xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> includes application data in exception messages and framework logging. The logged data can include the values assigned to properties of entity instances and parameter values for commands sent to the database. Logging data with <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> is a **security risk**, as it may expose passwords and other personally identifiable information (PII) when it logs SQL statements executed against the database.

> We recommend only enabling <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> with an [`if` compiler directive](/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/preprocessor-directives/preprocessor-if) for development and testing using the `DEBUG` symbol:

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend only enabling <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableSensitiveDataLogging%2A> for development and testing:
```
